#summary Introduces about applications.

There are some applications provided by CocoXml.

 * CExpr: A c style expression integer calculator.
 * Json: A Json parser.
 * Kconfig: Linux kernel Kconfig parser and config file parser.
 * patch: Unified patch parser.
 * pgn: Chess pgn file parser.
 * rss: RSS parser.

= CExpr =

It is a C style expression integer calculator. Most of C expression grammar is
supported. It can be used as a replacement of 'bc' when used for integer.
{{{
$ echo '5+3*4' | ./CExpr
}}}

= Json =

A scanner/parser for Json, the required data structure are defined too.

= Kconfig =

The Kconfig & .config defined by kernel forms a configuration resolution. This
can be used by other softwares too. But the current Kconfig parser is written
by flex/bison. And it use many global variables, I'm not like it. :)

The syntax of .config is defined in [trunk/applications/Kconfig/file], it is
very simple. But the syntax of Kconfig is complex a little bit. And I use it
as an example/test of source including, indentation, backslash newline.

Note that the original implementation of kernel is a relax implementation, some
Kconfigs in kernel is not formatted correctly and can be accepted by flex/bison
parser. I do not want to accept all of these relaxations, so a patch is
provided.

Of course, some relaxations are accepted to reduce the size of patch, such as
the mess of help message indentation.

Now TestKconfig combine two scanner/parser into one binary, it can parse
 .config file and Kconfig files in the same time. Graphical user interface will
be added for the real usage.

= patch =

Unified patch can be parsed by scanner/parser generated from patch.atg now.
User defined terminals are used to identify the real diff lines.

patch.atg make me notice about the performance of scanner/parser generated by
Coco. May be Coco is suitable to parse the sources with complex syntax but not
very long. But patch is not, its syntax is simple and its size might be very
big.

To avoid generate a great deal of tokens without any usage, a new enhancements
might be added to resolve this problem in future. It will permit the semantic
actions skip some texts. This enhancements will speed up patch.atg greatly.

= pgn =

Chess pgn file is a structured text which suitable for implemented by Coco.
Now pgn.atg can accept the .pgn files generated by eboard, and dump the board
status for each steps. It can be used by chess programs.

= rss =

This is only xatg application now, it is used to parse RSS files, and fill the
parsed data into data structures.
